**Project 03 Retrospective**
1. **What went well?** I started this project with a strong sense of what I wanted to plan. My vision for this project was clear, and it made creating my project scope much easier. In my previous scope assingment, I definitely struggled to understand the purpose and structure of my scope. Having that experience, while receiving feedback from my peers, gave me the confidence to improve upon this new skill I learned. I feel that my scope was clearly defined, leading the way for my project plan. Planning this project wasn't as tedious as I imagined. Having my previous work be a resource for me was incredibly helpful. 
2. **What went wrong?** Working with Github has been the most frustrating process for me with this project. There are several commit changes/deleted files in my repository because I was experiencing difficulties with my files uploading. My website link was not showing the my html file initially, it was showing my README file instead. I would upload, delete, and upload again, hoping to ensure that my files were in their designated folders. I feel that my lack of experience in working with Github, especially with this project being more complex than previous assignments, made this process so challenging for me. 
3. **What would I do diffrently?** There were many components to this project, I felt rushed to complete it all. I would have given myself more time to create my project plan and build my html documents. I needed to have broken the project down into smaller deadlines to avoid feeling rushed. I worked on the largest task last, and if I had worked on it first, it wouldn't have been overwhelming. I would have reviewed all the Github resources that we were given in previous weeks, to have served as a refresher/tool. In doing this, maybe my struggle with Github woudln't have been as tedious. I could have broadened my support materials, and dedicated more time to having consistent work sessions. 